Hi Everyone,

	
This week centers on our first official projects nickname Project 0. The project consists of creating a webserver using amazon web services as well as using github and slack to help the group members collaborate. The project seems easy right? well nope it is not. Being that no one in our group has ever used amazon web services it can be a little daunting to move forward. Luckily the professor provided some lab material for amazon web services to help us out.

First things first our group needed a name, we settled on GitLegion. Git – taken from git hub and Legion – a multitude of people. Pretty clever if you ask me. With no lab for the week our group was ready to focus on the project and assigning task to each member. The project is broken down into task which once done will make up the webserver and webpage. The task consists of the following:

-	Purchase a Domain (T)
-	Setup AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
-	Setup a Web Server on AWS Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
-	Setup your Domain
-	Generate TLS Certificates
-	Ansible Playbook

The first task of purchasing a domain was completed during our class time. We were able to acquire GitLegion.dev as our official domain, not a bad address at $12 from google domains. 

The rest of the task have been divided up amongst our group. I was lucky enough to get assigned the ansible playbook. Which is cool because I was the first to complete the playbooks from the lab; so, this should be a piece of cake for me. I maybe speaking too soon though since I haven’t stared the coding yet. 

For the most part we are still in the early stages of the project and we expect to have it completed sometime next week. I will be posting again next week with a follow up on our progress. Thanks for reading!
